Add missing news (#4697)
OpenDDS/OpenDDS: docs/news.d/OpenDDSConfig.rst

.. news-prs: 4687

.. news-start-section: Removals
- Removed ``OPENDDS_IGNORE_OPENDDSCONFIG_H_FILE`` macro.

>   - Users manually configuring a build will need to create this file, which may be empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Users manually configuring a build will need to create dds/OpenDDSConfig.h file, which may be empty.
```
